JP-3347: Improve spectral outlier detection (#8828)
spacetelescope/jwst: docs/jwst/outlier_detection/outlier_detection_spec.rst

   - The same set of parameters available to:
     ref:`Default Outlier Detection Algorithm <outlier-detection-imaging>`
     also applies to this code.

#. Convert input data, as needed, to make sure it is in a format that can be processed

   - A :py:class:`~jwst.datamodels.ModelContainer` serves as the basic format 
     for all processing performed by
     this step, as each entry will be treated as an element of a stack of images
     to be processed to identify bad pixels, cosmic-rays and other artifacts.

#. If the ``resample_data`` parameter is set to True, resample all input images
   using :py:class:`~jwst.resample.resample_spec.ResampleSpecData`.

   - Error images are resampled alongside the science data, to create
     approximate error arrays for each resampled exposure.
   - The resampled data are written out to disk with suffix "outlier_s2d"
     if the ``save_intermediate_results`` parameter is set to `True`.

#. Create a median image from the resampled exposures, or directly from
   the input exposures, if ``resample_data`` is set to False.

   - The error images for each exposure are also median-combined.

>    - The median data are written out to disk with suffix "median"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The median datamodel, with ``data`` and ``err`` extensions, is written out to disk with suffix "median"
```
